Update RandomAttribute doc to add Guid support (#599)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/nunit/writing-tests/attributes/random.md

Note that there is no constructor taking decimal values for min and max. This is because .NET does not support use of decimal in an attribute constructor.

> [!NOTE]

> > `Guid` support for `RandomAttribute` is possible only from NUnit version 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `Guid` support for `RandomAttribute` is available from version 4.0 onwards.
```
